<!--OTr_GetString (inObject; inTag) -> TextinObject : Integer : ➡️ : OTr inObjectinTag : Text    : ➡️ : Tag path (inTag)Result : Text : ⬅️ : Stored value, or empty text on missing/invalid-->## OTr\_GetStringOTr\_GetString (inObject; inTag) --> TextRetrieves a String/Text value from the specified tag path.**ORIGINAL DOCUMENTATION**OT GetString gets a value in *inObject* from the item referenced by *inTag*.If the object is not a valid object handle, an error is generated, *OK* is set to zero, and an empty string is returned.If no item in the object has the given tag, an empty string is returned. If the *FailOnNoItem*option is set, an error is generated and *OK* is set to zero.If an item with the given tag exists and has the type *OT Is Character (112)*, the value of the requested element is returned.If an item with the given tag exists and has any other type, *OK* is set to zero, and an empty string is returned.See “The Character Item Type” on page 13 for more information on storing and retrieving strings.Warning: If your database is running in compatibility mode and the result of this method is assigned to a fixed width string variable, the item’s contents will be truncated to the width of the variable. To retrieve more than 255 characters from a character item, use *OT GetText* and assign to a text variable or field.Attributes: Shared, Invisible, Preemptive indifferent| Parameter | Type |  | Description || --- | --- | --- | --- ||inObject|Integer|➡️|OTr inObject||inTag|Text   |➡️|Tag path (inTag)||Result|Text|⬅️|Stored value, or empty text on missing/invalid|