<!-- Does not require any parameters -->## \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_DemoForAi$test\_1\_t:=""$test\_1\_t:=$test\_1\_t+"The TEXT TO ARRAY command transforms a text variable into a text array. The original varText text (styled or not) is divided and each part becomes an element of the arrText array that is returned by the command. This command can be used for example to"+" fill pages or columns with text of a set size."+Char(13) $test\_1\_t:=$test\_1\_t+"The original text is divided into 'words' based on a line size defined by the command parameters and which takes any styles used into account."+Char(13) $test\_1\_t:=$test\_1\_t+"In the varText parameter, you pass the text to be divided into array elements. This text may or may not be multistyle. Some parameters are ignored when the text is multistyle."+Char(13) $test\_1\_t:=$test\_1\_t+"In the arrText parameter, you pass the name of the array to be filled by the divided text."+Char(13) $test\_1\_t:=$test\_1\_t+"In the width parameter, you pass a size in pixels indicating the maximum line length to measure when dividing the text. For the entire text, the command evaluates the maximum number of words that can 'fit' into this width based on the graphic attribut"+"es of the text (font, style)."+Char(13) ARRAY TEXT($test\_1\_at; 0)TEXT TO ARRAY($test\_1\_t; $test\_1\_at; MAXTEXTLENBEFOREV11; "Courier"; 9)$test\_2\_t:="" $test\_2\_t:=$test\_2\_t+"The TEXT TO ARRAY command transforms a text variable into a text array. The original varText text (styled or not) is divided and each part becomes an element of the arrText array that is returned by the command. This command can be used for example to"+" fill pages or columns with text of a set size." $test\_2\_t:=$test\_2\_t+"The original text is divided into 'words' based on a line size defined by the command parameters and which takes any styles used into account." $test\_2\_t:=$test\_2\_t+"In the varText parameter, you pass the text to be divided into array elements. This text may or may not be multistyle. Some parameters are ignored when the text is multistyle." $test\_2\_t:=$test\_2\_t+"In the arrText parameter, you pass the name of the array to be filled by the divided text." $test\_2\_t:=$test\_2\_t+"In the width parameter, you pass a size in pixels indicating the maximum line length to measure when dividing the text. For the entire text, the command evaluates the maximum number of words that can 'fit' into this width based on the graphic attribut"+"es of the text (font, style)."ARRAY TEXT($test\_2\_at; 0) TEXT TO ARRAY($test\_2\_t; $test\_2\_at; MAXTEXTLENBEFOREV11; "Courier"; 9)OTr\_zTogglePluginBlocks| Parameters || --- || Does not require any parameters |