<!--OT GetArrayText (inObject; inTag; inIndex) -> TextinObject : Integer : ➡️ : OTr inObjectinTag : Text    : ➡️ : Tag path to the array item (inTag)inIndex : Integer : ➡️ : Element index, 1-based; 0 = default element (inIndex)Result : Text : ⬅️ : Element value, or "" on any failure-->## OT GetArrayTextOT GetArrayText (inObject; inTag; inIndex) --> TextRetrieves a single element from a Text or String array item.Alias for OT GetArrayString.**ORIGINAL DOCUMENTATION**OT GetArrayText gets a value in *inObject* from the array item referenced by *inTag*.If the object is not a valid object handle, an error is generated, *OK* is set to zero, and an empty string is returned.If no item in the object has the given tag, an empty string is returned. If the *FailOnNoItem*option is set, an error is generated and *OK* is set to zero.If an item with the given tag exists and has the type *OT Character array*, and *inIndex* is in the range (0.. OT *SizeOfArray* ( *inObject; inTag* )), the value of the requested element is returned.If an item with the given tag exists and has any other type, or if the index is out of range, an error is generated, *OK* is set to zero, and an empty string is returned.See “The Character Item Type” on page 13 for more information on storing and retrieving text.Note: If your database is running in compatibility mode and the result of this method is assigned to a fixed width string variable, the item’s contents will be truncated to the width of the variable. To retrieve more than 255 characters from a character array, assign the result to a text variable or field.Attributes: Shared, Invisible, Preemptive indifferent| Parameter | Type |  | Description || --- | --- | --- | --- ||inObject|Integer|➡️|OTr inObject||inTag|Text   |➡️|Tag path to the array item (inTag)||inIndex|Integer|➡️|Element index, 1-based; 0 = default element (inIndex)||Result|Text|⬅️|Element value, or "" on any failure|