<!--OTr_PutArray (inObject; inTag; inArray)inObject : Integer : ➡️ : OTr inObjectinTag : Text    : ➡️ : Tag path for the array (inTag)inArray : Pointer : ➡️ : Pointer to the source 4D array (inArray)-->## OTr\_PutArrayOTr\_PutArray (inObject; inTag; inArray)Stores a 4D array into an OTr object at the given tag path.**ORIGINAL DOCUMENTATION***OT PutArray* puts *inArray* into *inObject*. The element count and current element are stored with the array elements and are restored by OT *GetArray*. You may not store two- dimensional arrays in objects.If *inObject* is not a valid object handle, an error is generated and *OK* is set to zero. If no item in the object has the given tag, a new item is created.If an item with the given tag exists and has a compatible type (see below), its value is replaced.If an item with the given tag exists and has any other type, an error is generated and *OK* is set to zero if the *OT VariantItems* option is not set, otherwise the existing item is deleted and a new item is created.Array Type CompatibilityExcept for * *String and Text *array* s, you must put and get *array* s into the same type of *array* variable. String and Text *array* s, however, may be mixed and matched, because ObjectTools stores both types of *array* with an item type of *OT Character array* (113).Attributes: Shared, Invisible, Preemptive indifferent| Parameter | Type |  | Description || --- | --- | --- | --- ||inObject|Integer|➡️|OTr inObject||inTag|Text   |➡️|Tag path for the array (inTag)||inArray|Pointer|➡️|Pointer to the source 4D array (inArray)|