<!--OTr_GetArray (inObject; inTag; outArray)inObject : Integer : ➡️ : OTr inObjectinTag : Text    : ➡️ : Tag path to the array item (inTag)outArray : Pointer : ⬅️ : Pointer to the destination 4D array (outArray)-->## OTr\_GetArrayOTr\_GetArray (inObject; inTag; outArray)Retrieves an array from an OTr object and populates the 4D array pointed to by $outArray\_ptr. The target array must already be declared with an appropriate type. Elements are converted from stored text/values via the OTr\_u utility methods as required.**ORIGINAL DOCUMENTATION**OT GetArray gets an array value in *inObject* from the item referenced by *inTag*.If the object is not a valid object handle, an error is generated, *OK* is set to zero, and*outArray* is cleared.If no item in the object has the given tag, *outArray* is cleared. If the *FailOnNoItem* option is set, an error is generated and *OK* is set to zero.If an item with the given tag exists and has a compatible type, the array’s contents are replaced.If an item with the given tag exists and has any other type, an error is generated, *OK* is set to zero, and array is cleared.Array Type CompatibilityExcept for * *String and Text *array* s, you must put and get *array* s into the same type of *array* variable. String and Text *array* s, however, may be mixed and matched, because ObjectTools stores both types of *array* with an item type of *OT Character array (113)*.Note: If you retrieve into a fixed width string array and your database is running in compatibility mode, the elements will be truncated to the width of the array.Attributes: Shared, Invisible, Preemptive indifferent| Parameter | Type |  | Description || --- | --- | --- | --- ||inObject|Integer|➡️|OTr inObject||inTag|Text   |➡️|Tag path to the array item (inTag)||outArray|Pointer|⬅️|Pointer to the destination 4D array (outArray)|